DOCS Review extending docs for truthfulness (#273)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/02_Developer_Guides/05_Extending/00_Modules.md

### Coding Guidelines

 * Complies to a well defined module directory structure and coding standards:
   * `templates/` (for `.ss` templates)
   * `src/` (for `.php` files)
   * `tests/` (for `*Test.php` test files), and;
   * `_config/` (for `.yml` config files)
 * The module is a Composer package.
 * All Composer dependencies are bound to a single major release (e.g. `^5.0` not `>=5` or `*`) unless there are obvious reasons not to for some specific dependency.
 * There is a level of test coverage.

>  * A clear public API documented in the docblock tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 * Uses strong typing, or if using dynamic types there is clear public API documented in the docblock tags.
```

Reviewer 2: It should be documented either way, frankly. Even with strong typing a lot of the time the method needs a description and sometimes the parameters do too.

I'll change it to this instead:
```suggestion
 * Uses strong typing where appropriate.
 * A clear public API documented in the docblock tags
   * If parameters and return values don't need additional description and are strongly typed, these should be ommitted from the docblock.
```

Reviewer 2: Done
